* You gotta hustle
You gotta be tough *
* If your dreams
Don't scare you *
* They ain't big enough *
I'm Lexi.
And let's just be honest.
My dating life kinda sucks.
You'd think it'd be easier
dating both males and females
because, you know,
more fish in the sea.
But you'd be wrong.
I've been talking
to two matchmakers,
and I'm just ready
to put my dating life
in someone else's hands.
We've got this huge house.
We're gonna bring
a bunch of daters here,
and hopefully, I'll find love.
* Ba da dum *
* Now good morning *
-* Ba da dum *
-* PM *
-* You know the dealio... *
-[Spicy] Hi.
-Hi.
It's so nice to meet you both.
Pleasure. I'm Spicy Mari.
Nice to meet you.
-Hi, I'm Anthony.
-Hi.
I'm Spicy Mari,
relationship expert
and magnetic matchmaker.
Founder of The Spicy Life
relationship consulting firm.
I help people unlock
the power of their passion
so that they can attract
their perfect mate.
I'm Anthony Recenello,
a social skills
and relationship coach.
I've been doing this
for the past 15 years,
I have a YouTube channel,
a podcast,
all about teaching you
how to get into
the right relationships.
-I'm so excited.
-Pop a squat. Let's chat.
Alright.
So Lexi, tell us a little bit
of what you're looking for
in a relationship.
I'm looking for a person
who is adventurous,
who likes to travel.
Who is supportive of me
and my pursuits,
just like I would be
supportive of them.
And I'm really hoping
you guys can help me find that.
I am a Hispanic,
pansexual female
and I feel like I'm missing
a spark in my dating life,
to be honest with you.
I want to constantly wake up
and feel excited to see
and be around
that special person.
-Past people that you dated.
-Yeah.
What were things
that you really liked?
And what were things
that you go,
"I don't know if I want that."
I really care for a person
that's communicative.
I travel often
and I think
it's really important
that a person that I'm with
also loves to travel.
I am very spiritual,
I love to manifest.
I journal every single day.
It's super important to me.
Also, like, loud, just, like,
big personality
-Yeah.
-So, like, an extrovert.
Yeah, an extrovert.
I'm very much an extrovert.
I'm loving what I'm hearing.
I feel like we can find
exactly this.
I'm really excited to hear that.
What in a relationship is
really important to you?
So, I would say trustworthy.
-Mm. Good. Good.
-Uh, very loyal.
Doesn't get jealous.
-Secure.
-Secure. Very secure. Yeah.
Like, what's gonna woo you?
I feel like I'm honestly
very easily impressed.
Like, you could write me,
like, a love letter.
I love that.
It doesn't have to be
anything physical either.
Just, like, take me
to my favorite place
-without telling me. Or...
-Yeah.
Care about the things
that I tell you.
It's like, "Okay, you care
about what I'm telling you."
Yeah, they really pay attention.
-Thoughtful.
-Thoughtful, yeah.
It sounds like you need
a lot of quality time,
-a lot of attention, um--
-Yes.
-But it goes both ways.
-Okay. You can give it.
-You can dish it. Okay.
-Yeah. I understand.
Oh, and this is
another cute tidbit.
When I'm taking girls out
on a date,
I like to plan the date.
But when it comes to guys,
I don't like doing that.
I want them to do that for me.
Love it. Oh, this is
going to be fun, Anthony.
[laughs]
[Spicy] This is going to be
so fun.
After meeting both Anthony
and Mari,
I am confident
that these dating coaches
have what it takes
to lead me to love.
So what we're gonna do
is we're going to look through
a bunch of
potential matches for you,
and then narrow it down.
We're going to break up
into two teams, alright?
Then we're going to put them
through some dating challenges,
give them some dating coaching,
and then find
the perfect match for you.
Okay, I'm putting my trust
in both of your guys' hands,
I know you guys will find
the one for me
and I could not be
more excited about this.
We got you.
-[Anthony] Alright, Spicy.
-[Spicy] Yep.
-The time is now.
-Time we've been waiting for.
We're gonna choose
the matches for Lexi.
Let's do it. I'm ready.
[Anthony]
I mean, I love the vibes.
It's--The color palette
of the photo
-Yeah.
-also matches her outfit.
Which is attention to detail
and I really like that.
-Got good taste. Silly.
-Silly.
Um, or she snuck something
from her parents' bar
when she was a kid.
-Not sure what I'm seeing here.
-[laughs]
I think I'm gonna play this one
nice and let you have it.
-and not come for you. Yeah.
-Oh okay.
I'm not gonna come for you.
I'm sad that I can't have you.
I think that being with Anthony,
he's gonna help me.
I mean, I don't know how much
matchmaking coaching
I'm gonna need
'cause I'm pretty good at it,
but any other help
I can get, I'll take it.
[Spicy] Ooh, that's beautiful.
-[Spicy] Love this photo.
-[Anthony] Great.
Like, the athleticism
is important, right?
So, I'm liking it so far.
I'm gonna say that
I'm gonna fight you for him.
-'Cause I like him. A lot.
-Is it really a fight, though,
when you're going up against me?
I don't think so.
-Then we'll find out.
-Okay, let's find out.
-Luis.
-Yes, sir.
Hi, my name's Anthony.
I'm a social
and relationship coach.
Luis, I teach men
how to meet women.
And I teach men
how to keep women.
[Luis] Eh, she's throwing shots.
I'm liking Spicy right now.
I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to
go with Spicy.
I really wanted him.
-I really wanted him.
-Thanks, Spicy.
So my game plan for this is
definitely go in confident
I'm tryin' to have fun.
If it's a fight,
I'm really competitive.
So I'm going in 100% of the way.
I'm not laying down any chance.
[Spicy] I'm never a fan
of bathroom photos.
This isn't saying
anything to me.
-It just looks like a--
-Feels like a fail.
[both laugh]
Now I'm not sure...
what the context is here.
I'm a Capricorn,
so I love the goat.
-Okay.
-[laughs]
[Spicy] Come hither.
-Oh, I might.
-[laughs]
[Kalysta] I'm usually
a chaser, like...
I'm on my hands and knees
crawling, begging,
"Be mine."
Ooh, a vision board.
Lexi's huge into manifestation.
So I am liking the fact
that this person's a visionary.
It's a little bit of a mess
of a vision board.
It's not quite organized.
I guess I'm just
too interesting for Lexi.
[laughter]
And washboard abs.
I hate to be superficial
but this is hard work
and dedication.
[Anthony] Approach.
[Cyprien] Team Anthony!
Wait.Those are "A"s right here.
Team Anthony.
-Hey, man.
-Yes.
Actually, I heard you speak
French too.
I do speak French.
[in French] Do you speak French?
[in French] Of course.
Do you speak French?
No, that's all I know. [laughs]
I already know. Solid team.
We're definitely gonna
take home this W.
Take home this girl, actually.
Hi, welcome to the winning team.
-Hey.
-[Spicy] Come here.
What's good, y'all?
Man, you already know me.
It's your boy Josh.
I'ma win it.
I'ma get the girl.
I'm willing to fight
to the end for who I want.
I predict this experience
will be fun, crazy, chaotic,
wild and interesting.
I feel she's gonna be
coaching us well.
We're gonna-- We're gonna win.
We're gonna do great.
-[Spicy] Oh!
-Yeah, boi.
Hug it out, baby.
-A dagger in my heart.
-That's right.
My best physical feature would
definitely be my eyebrows.
Check these out. I mean...
Who can say no to these?
[bell dings]
[Cameron] Sorry, Spicy.
-It's okay, it's okay. Call me.
-[laughs]
* Oh my god who is she? *
* Lookin' like money
when I step on the scene *
Hi, everybody.
Hi, daters.
How you guys doing today?
[Anthony] So, I think we have
some really good matches
for Lexi.
Now it's time to move them in.
[Spicy] And we've been keeping
the guys and girls separate
this entire dating process
and they don't know
about each other.
So let's see how this goes.
[Spicy]
Welcome to the house, daters.
[Sienna] I don't feel, like,
competitive with girls usually.
It's just kind of...
I either want to be your friend
and I want to,like,
understand you emotionally,
or, like, I want you. [laughs]
[Rylin] I'm seeing
all these attractive people
walk up with me into this house.
I'm so scared 'cause these are
gorgeous people
and I'm already like,
"My competition is insane,
through the roof."
And then I see...
-[girls chattering]
-What?
Wait.
-[all chattering]
-What?
As I'm walking up,
I'm seeing girls
and I'm like,
"What is going on?"
Why are a bunch of dudes
walking in behind us?
And why are they hot?
Heya!
[Spicy] Come in,
come in, come in.
Lookin' delicious over here.
Yes.
[Brian]
We're a good looking crowd.
We are stunning.
I'm like, "So who's dating who?"
So girls, I'm sure
you're a little surprised
to see the boys here.
You all know you've signed up
for a dating show
and that you've been
drafted into two teams.
But you're not here
to date each other.
[clamoring]
I'm shocked right now.
I had no ideas
girls were gonna be here.
I don't know what's going on.
We're gonna be
putting you through
a series of
dating-based challenges,
giving you dating advice
and helping you win our match.
So are you ready to meet them?
[all] Yeah!
[Spicy]
That's what I'm talking about.
Come on out!
Hi everyone.
[cheering]
Lexi walks out
and I'm like., "Wow."
This is my exact type.
Thank you very much.
She's gorgeous, stunning.
And then she had the drip
on and she was steppin'...
She bad!
Hey guys, how is everyone doing?
[cheering]
I don't want her
to see anyone else.
Like, "Me, bae. Me."
Like, "It's just me."
Like, "Don't worry
about all of them.
They're really good looking,
I know.
But you don't gotta see that."
I'm so excited to see
all of you here today.
I know this seems kinda crazy
but I'm honestly used to dating
both guys and girls,
so this is going to be
a really cool experience
for me and for you guys.
I'm really trying to find
my perfect match,
so I figured
let's bring you all here
and have some fun.
[all cheering]
[Sienna]
I'm extremely competitive.
I have no problem
competing for someone
And I know I-I always win,
always win.
Every girl that
I've ever wanted, I've had
That's a bold statement too.
This is gonna be a wild ride.
Guys, girls, did you hear that?
You both have a chance
to win Lexi's heart.
Hard enough fighting dudes.
Now I gotta fight girls?
Girls know what girls want.
How can I compete with that?
But remember, as your coaches,
we're gonna be helping you
and your teammates
along the way.
So our goal here is
to try and help one of you
to be the last match standing.
[all cheer]
Right now I'm seeing Lexi
and I want to go
to the end with this girl.
There's nothing about her that
I would change. She's perfect.
Please get moved in
and dress to impress,
'cause we are going to be
throwing a party tonight.
-Let's do this!
-[cheering]
[applause]
[cheering continues]
Oh my god, this [bleep] house
is beautiful.
I-- first of all. I feel bougie.
And I'm honestly
so grateful to be here.
I live in a trailer park,
so I'm like...
Oh my god, its--
I'm locked out!
Where are you from?
I'm from Santa Barbara.
Where's that?
You don't know
where Santa Barbara is?
Nope.
So right out the gates,
Tyler is trying to hit on me
and I am like,
"Buddy, I'm a lesbian."
And he, obviously,
is only trying harder.
So you're from
somewhere Southern.
-Alabama.
-Alabama?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Really?
What are you doing here?
Uh, social media.
When it comes to my sexuality,
it's probably like a 90 to 10%
ratio of liking women to men.
I mean, he seems like
a good guy to be friends with,
but he was kinda growing on me,
I'm not gonna lie.
But, I mean--
He's a funny one. I like him.
[all chattering]
[Marc] I got locked out.
We can watch Netflix on there.
Oh my god, yes!
I'm so excited.
I feel like
coming to this house,
I do have rules set on myself
to keep me in check
because since I have dated
pretty much one type before,
and that's basically people
who are very egotistical,
very selfish and everything,
I feel like I won't let myself
get involved with that...
ever again.
[Camille] The sleeping
arrangements in the house are
me and Jasmine in one bed...
All the guys are sleeping in
their own bed.
But in the other girls' room is
Jayme, Sienna and Rylin.
[Tyler] What do you think
about the house?
This house is fire, man.
I never been
in anything like this.
Okay, cut to the chase.
What do you think about--
[Josh] The girls?
They all bad. I'm not gonna lie.
Lil' blondie,
I think she's callin my name.
Who? Which one?
What's her name? Oh, uh, Sienna.
Sierra.
-[laughs]
-One of us wrong.
Some of these girls
are catching my eye.
Oh they're going to
get me in trouble.
That's it. [laughs]
The one in the blue top.
You know her name?
-[Tyler] I forgot it.
-[Josh] Kalysta.
No, no, no, no...
Oh! Jayme!
-[laughs] Jayme?
-I'm on all the names.
At the end of the day,
the ultimate goal is
obviously Lexi. You know?
But I can't help
but explore the other options.
I mean, it's just there.
We gotta fight each other
and the girls for one girl.
Yeah. For one girl.
I mean, that just made it
harder, to be honest.
It did make it a lot harder.
You going for the one girl?
Or have some fun?
That's what I gotta figure out.
What are you gonna do?
I don't know. I'm here
to win. Low-key, so...
You not winnin',
I'm winnin'.
I hate to tell you.
Win or learn, never lose.
I ain't never heard that before.
-Yeah! Put my boy on!
-Mm hm.
Hey, second place
looks good for you, boss.
-[Tyler laughs]
-[Josh] I feel you.
Let me go ahead and ask Sienna
how she feel about this.
[Tyler] It's Sierra.
[both snicker]
-[Sienna] Wow!
-So pretty.
This is so cute, isn't it?
This is so cute.
[Sienna] How do we claim it?
-Oh yeah.
-I like the view.
This is the life right here.
-Yes, sir.
-Yep.
-We're locked out.
-Hey, boys.
-Please let us in.
-We're locked out.
-Are y'all locked out?
-That sucks.
-Y'all fixin' to get locked out.
-That sucks for you guys.
I guess we won't see you
at the party tonight.
-Yo.
-No.
* It's gettin' loud
at the party *
* You should come around *
* I turn it all the way up
and now my body down down *
[cheering]
So Lexi sets up this party
for us to all meet each other,
get to know each other and talk.
I was playing friendly,
but I really was trying
to read everyone and be like,
"You're goin' home,
you're goin' home..."
[Kalysta] "You're annoying,
you're boring,
you're rude, you're stuck up.
Why are you here?"
"Yikes."
Like, I'm fun, I'm cool.
But they are not giving.
What'd you guys think of Lexi?
-I think she's real cute.
-Not cute, she's bad.
-A blonde baddy.
-She came out
and first thing I thought,
I was like, "Oh yeah."
It's giving like, nice, like,
nice girl, like--
She's definitely
a nice girl, for sure.
I just can't wait
to talk to her.
-Yeah, get to know her.
-[Marc] Hey, bro.
-Here for one reason.
-And one reason only.
To win.
-You know what I'm sayin'?
-To find love.
This is the type of house.
I'd be living here.
Okay.
[Luis] Ooh!
Damn.
I am looking forward to meeting
my fellow competitors,
getting to know them better.
Hopefully figuring out
what they're here for
and what they're intentions are.
I'm on the girl's team.
-Yes, ma'am.
-No, I'm on Anthony.
Damn, are you
on the girl's team?
[Luis] Yeah, I'm Team Spicy,
for sure.
-Okay!
-Yo.
[Marc] No. I'm on Anthony.
Hey, guys.
Hey!
Y'all having
a good time, or what?
[daters] Yeah!
Okay, come on.
Let's come over here.
We gotta chat. We gotta
fill you in on what's going on.
Hey guys, how is everyone doing?
Doing great.
Good. I'm so glad to hear that.
So, I know we all
haven't gotten the chance
to get to know
each other individually yet.
So I thought,
what better way to do that
than to do some speed dating?
-How does that sound?
-Yeah!
[Lexi] Alright.
I'm not even gonna lie to you.
I'm feeling so giddy right now.
I'm looking at
all of these daters
and I feel so lucky.
And I can't wait
to get to know everyone.
So, how this is gonna work is
we're only gonna have
three minutes
-to get to know each other.
-What?
-Three minutes?
-I know, but
hopefully that time
will be enough
and I'm really
looking forward to this.
But remember, guys,
me and Mari are here
to coach you in your journey.
So, we'll be
monitoring close by.
So the first person I'm going
on a date with is Jayme.
[applause, cheering]
[Anthony] This is going to be
our first glimpse
into how the daters
interact with Lexi.
So, I'm really excited about it.
I'm curious to see how
my team members are gonna be.
Are they going to shine?
Or are they gonna be a little
socially awkward?
'Cause if so, I'm gonna
have to help them out.
[Lexi] I like your dress.
[Jayme] Thank you. I like yours.
Thank you.
-So how are you feeling?
-I'm feeling good.
-Yeah?
-I'm a little bit nervous.
But I'm really excited
about all of this.
I want you to tell me
about yourself, though.
Mm. I want you
to tell me about you.
Okay, where do you go to school?
I go to school
at American University.
-So, I'm a double major.
-Okay.
-Foreign Policy. D.C.
-Oh
-And also Communication.
-Right.
-Where do you go?
-SBCC.
-Where? I don't know.
-Santa Barbara.
[Lexi] First impressions,
I think she was
intentionally making eye contact
with me the entire time.
And I think she's very,
very, very, very beautiful.
So, I'm definitely excited
to get to know her more.
Sienna and I
go to... school together.
I don't know
who anyone's name is.
-Okay, Sienna's the blonde one.
-Okay.
-We're both from Santa Barbara.
-Mm hm.
But I want you to tell me
more about yourself.
-I like to write music for fun.
-Oh!
Yes, but I don't
do anything with it.
-Oh. Why?
-'Cause, I don't know.
It's just, like, a hobby.
I feel like you should
do something with it.
We'll see. Maybe one day.
[laughs]
I like it.
Immediately,
Lexi and I have a spark.
Jayme.
Yeah, she's a good one.
Thanks for asking.
[Sienna] Mm hm.
-Thank you.
-Why does she seem mad about it?
She is funny, though.
-Why are you mad about it?
-Team Anthony, bro.
That's a good start
for Team Anthony right there.
[Tyler]
Sienna and Jayme are talking
They have definitely,
like, known each other,
or they are vibing, like...
Like, something's
not right there.
I haven't put
my finger on it yet,
but you know
I'ma figure it out.
Like, what are some
of your passions?
So I grew up and I did, like,
soccer, softball,
musical theater...
-Like, I did contortionism.
-Okay.
I like circus stuff.
I wanted to join the circus.
-I did aerial... silks.
-Silks?
-For, like, ten years.
-Shut up.
I did, like, professional.
Yeah.
-That's actually so cool.
-I have them in my house.
Well, you said "circus,"
I had to say...
Okay, so I'm coming over.
No, like, genuinely.
I'm not kidding.
I'm like, okay,
so when's the first date?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Now I think
the connection they're having
is really good as friends,
but I'm not seeing much
of an attraction right here.
But I'd love to talk
to Lexi about it.
Hi, nice to meet you.
-What's your name. I'm sorry.
-Thank you. I'm Sienna.
Sienna, I'm Lexi.
-Where are you from?
-I'm from Santa Barbara.
I don't like
how quiet it just got.
-I know.
-It's okay, though. It's okay.
-They're all low-key listening.
-They can listen to us.
-We want them to.
-We're fiery.
You know, they're like,
"What's going on?"
-[laughs]
-They look good.
-You know, but it's fine.
-You're killing me.
You're from Santa Barbara.
Oh, the first girl I talked to
said you went
to college together.
She said that?
That's so interesting.
Wait. Elaborate.
We didn't go to college
together.
Like, okay.
But we, like,
are from the same town.
-Okay, no, that's what she said.
-Oh okay, okay.
-I'm sorry.
-Oh no, that's so funny though.
Okay, tell me more
about yourself.
I, uh... I make TikToks...
-I'm a singer/songwriter
-Oh my god, amazing.
-How you doing?
-Good. I'm Lexi.
-What's your name? Cameron.
-That's good. Cameron.
-Yes.
-Tell me more about yourself.
-Um, I really like snowboarding.
-Snowboarding?
Yeah, that's, like,
my first hobby.
-Like, I love it.
-Yeah?
Um, I'm really good with kids.
I love kids.
-I have a niece and nephew.
-Okay, awesome.
I'm like a full-time manny
for them, so...
-I have a little sister.
-Oh really? How old is she?
-She's eight years old.
-Okay, okay.
Yeah. Like, I want a person
that's good with kids.
-You know?
-Yeah.
Just 'cause
I'm around them all day.
-Yeah.
-And they keep you young.
That's cool. I like that.
Now Cameron, to me, he holds
really good eye contact,
but I want him
to be more expressive.
-Okay, I have a question.
-Great. Ask me, please.
How do you feel about all this?
I kinda feel like you're,
like, the middle of it.
-Like, attention of everything.
-Wait, that's so funny.
I'm feeling--
Okay, like,
a little overwhelmed
but, like, for the most part,
just, like, very excited.
Not nervous at all?
Um... eh...
-A little bit.
-A little bit. It's okay.
All these people
want you, though.
-So. Yeah?
-It's okay.
Your name is French.
Yes, I'm, like, first French
and then American.
-That's amazing.
-Yeah.
I, like, I'm big on traveling.
I was just about to say that.
-I'll take you to France, too.
-[laughs]
Oh my gosh.
So, my type. Honestly,
Doesn't matter if you're black,
green, blue, red, white,
it doesn't matter as long as
you have, like, a good face
that I could stare into
for hours.
That's wifey material
right there.
-You're very beautiful.
-Thank you so much.
-You're very, very beautiful.
-That's so sweet.
I have a necklace
just like yours.
-Where are you from?
-I'm from Salt Lake City, Utah.
-Oh, wow.
-Yeah, Utah boy.
Wow, I've never been to Utah.
Really? Okay. I go
to junior college right now.
-Mm hm.
-I play basketball.
And actually
just quit this year.
-College basketball.
-Oh wow.
Yeah, I want to focus
on, like, myself now
-and kinda just do me...
-That's amazing.
-No, I like that.
-And I kinda, like, fell off...
-No, but, it's not falling off.
-...basketball.
Like, I feel like
a lot of people lose sight
of, like, what is
most important.
Which is, like,
really focusing on yourself...
-Yeah, no, totally, 100%.
-...what matters most to you.
-I'm a hugger.
-Give me a hug.
-How you doing?
-What's your name?
-Tyler.
-I like your accent, Tyler.
-I appreciate it.
-Southern born.
-I like your accent, Tyler.
I'm from Alabama.
Where are you from?
I'm from Florida.
What are your hobbies?
Are you in school?
So I went to Alabama University
for a little bit.
Did a year of college
now I'm kind of just chillin'
-Mm hm.
-And doin' social media.
I love that.
Got a marketing agency
coming out.
That's awesome.
Yeah. So. I'm just
kind of doing that.
Are you excited about all this?
How are your feelings?
I'm excited to meet you.
Like, you came out and I thought
you looked really,
really beautiful.
That's literally
the sweetest thing. Thank you.
It's your smile
that, like, popped out.
You're gonna make me blush.
Like, that's so nice.
That's so sweet.
You're also very pretty.
This whole time,
I'm just looking at her eyes.
She's so beautiful,
I can't, I can't look away.
What do you do?
Are you in school?
Do you have, like, a job?
Like, what's your...
I did go to school
and everything,
but since I'm very
family-oriented,
I'm really close to my grandma.
I decided-- She got really sick.
-Oh my god.
-So, I decided to cut school
and then work full time
and help out with her bills.
-I'm really sorry to hear that.
-No, you're fine.
-It's a lot, though.
-Yeah, it is.
But it is what it is.
So Jas is doing a great job
of already leaning into
the emotional intimacy.
She's sharing about her family,
her core values.
So, tell me about yourself,
Kalysta. Oh my god.
Ah, I love it.
-A tooth gem.
-Thank you.
-Yeah, yeah. You want one?
-I do.
Alright. Got you.
-[laughs]
-I'll take care of that, baby.
-You're crazy. I love it.
-I'll take care of you.
My ex, he would say, "Crazy
wasn't in the fine print."
And I would say,
"Crazy was in bold print."
-Do you like to travel?
-I love traveling.
Where's your favorite
place you've been?
-Guatemala.
-Guatemala?
We live close to Mexico too.
Yeah.
-Have you ever been to Mexico?
-I've never been to Mexico.
Well, Guatemala is like Mexico,
technically, I think.
I don't think so.
Oh, then I've
never been to Mexico.
So, I don't know geography...
-[laughs] That's okay.
-...that well.
I have an airhead.
Oh, no.
I got you this ring.
-It matches your dress.
-Oh my god.
-And your shoes. Yes.
-What?
-you.
-I hope you love it.
It's very cute.
-I like this blue.
-You like the blue?
You were giving,
like, Aquarius vibes.
-[laughs]
-I don't know. I was like...
Very sun-kissed.
Very sun-kissed...
-Thank you.
-...with the freckles.
No, they're fake,
-They're fake?
-I shouldn't have told you that.
I shouldn't have told you that.
You can't tell anyone.
-It's our secret.
-It's our little secret.
It's our secret.
They don't know
what we're talking about.
And I love, like, the bi energy.
-I'm fluid, pansexual, so...
-I love that.
You brought together, like,
such a good group of people.
No, serious.
This actually is amazing.
I think Lexi's great.
I think I have
a connection with her
that no one in this house has.
Tell me about yourself.
Where are you from?
-Twenty years old.
-You're twenty years old
I'm from Charlotte,
North Carolina.
Oh my gosh. What?
I was born in North Carolina.
No, stop. What part?
I tell everyone
I'm from Florida,
but I was born
in North Carolina.
-I go to college in Miami.
-What?!
-That's crazy.
-What school?
-University of Miami.
-Oh my god. I'm from Naples.
[laughs]
-Wait, that's crazy. Yeah.
-Wow.
University of Miami is sick.
-Really nice.
-What's your major?
I'm Political Science
and Theater.
What the [bleep]?
Are you kidding me?
I'm sorry. I don't know
if I'm allowed to curse.
I am a Foreign Policy
and Politics major.
-No way. That's crazy.
-We have so much in common.
I know that's really weird.
-[laughs]
-That's funny.
Lexi's already touched him,
like, ten times.
He's got her.
He's got her. Right now
he has her attention.
Imma teach him how
to, like, seal the deal.
-So how old are you?
-I'm 19.
-Are you big on signs?
-Not necessarily signs.
But definitely spirituality.
Like manifesting.
I believe that the energy...
Makes sense.
I'm really big on manifesting.
Energy you put out in the world
is what you're gonna receive.
Mm hm. I just started, like,
trying to, like, meditate
and get right spiritually.
Really? Wait, I love that.
-Yeah. I took this class--
-That's big for me.
-Really? Meditation?
-You should know that.
-Hi. I'm Lexi.
-How you doing, Lexi?
-Oh my gosh, that was so sweet.
-Nice to meet you.
Give me a hug.
-What's your name?
-Luis.
-Luis? Yeah?
-Yeah.
Um, where are you from, Luis?
I'm from L.P.,
La Puente, California.
I heard you're actually,
like, Hispanic.
-Where are you from?
-I am. I'm from Mexico.
-Mexico? Which part?
-And Spain.
-Mexico City. Yeah.
-Mexico City?
-I'm from Zacatecas.
-Oh my gosh.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
I do speak Spanish.
-So, you live in California.
-Yeah.
-I'm moving here.
-That works great for me.
-[laughs]
-You want to move in?
Oh my gosh.
Oh, you're making me nervous.
[laughs]
Are you okay?
[Lexi] Are you okay? [laughs]
[Camille]
What an entrance to have.
-[Lexi] Give me a hug.
-[Camille] Hugs?
-What's your name?
-Cami.
You're so pretty. How are you?
Thank you. I'm good.
How are you?
-Everyone has a drink.
-You should get one.
-Oh my god.
-It's okay. Everything's fine.
[laughs]
[silent laughter]
[gasps] I'm sorry.
Hm.
Okay. Tell me your name
one more time.
-Cami.
I love every kind of music.
Do you like music?
I love music.
Who's your favorite artist?
It depends.
If I'm in my car, YoungBoy.
I'm one of those girls.
No, but, like, I like that.
Okay. You do? Okay.
-I could rock to NLE Choppa.
-And then if I'm vibing?
-Yeah, right?
-[both laughing]
Like, anybody
who can listen to it. I love it.
I really, really am attracted
to people that are creative.
Like, off rip, if you're
someone that plays music,
writes music, loves music,
loves to paint, draw...
Fashion, clothes, thrifting,
like, anything that's creative,
like, I'm just ten times
more drawn to you.
So I definitely look
for more creative people.
-[Spicy] Ladies!
-Yes.
Okay, I hate to break up
this love fest.
That's okay.
It's time for us
to talk to you, Lexi,
and pick your brain
about the experience.
-[Camille] So, I'm getting up.
-Yes.
-Alright.
-Bye, love.
Great job, though.
I have some tips for you, boo.
-Let's deliberate.
-[Lexi] Guys, that was so fun.
-Did you have a good time?
-That was really fun.
That was really
a cool experience.
Yeah, I want to know
who your favorites are.
-Okay. So.
-Give us, like, top contenders.
I would have to say, for girls,
um, the first girl
I talked to, Jayme.
-Yes. And I knew it.
-I felt instant connection.
-As soon as I saw it.
-Like, genuinely, like...
eyes weren't leaving each other.
The other girl I enjoyed
talking to a lot is Camille,
who is the last girl
I was just talking to.
She had a great energy.
We had a lot in common.
There was one girl
in a really pretty dress.
-Her name was Kalysta, I think.
-[Spicy] Yeah, Kalysta.
And she is definitely out there.
I was trying to watch your guys'
energy and it looked...
-I couldn't match it.
-Yeah.
It looked as if she was
like, raarrr...
Which is okay.
In terms of men...
um, I enjoyed talking to Joshua.
-Joshua was really cool.
-I saw all smiles with Joshua.
Yeah. 'Cause I've seen him.
You touched him
probably, like, five times.
Okay, you know what?
We're not gonna talk about that.
The other guy I liked
talking to a lot was Brian.
He, um, he talked to me
about his sexuality,
and he told me how proud he is
of me for doing this
and bridging the gap,
or whatever.
But he was really cool.
-Did you find him attractive?
-I do find him attractive.
So do you have a good idea
of who you want to bring
to the next level?
I think I do.
-Hm.
-I think I do.
I need your guys' help.
-We got you. We got you.
-Of course.
I'm really excited. I really am.
Totally just have
a good time with it.
-Thank you.
-At the end of the day,
let's find out who's going to be
an awesome friend,
then we start thinking about,
like, an awesome lover.
Yeah.
-This is just the beginning.
-I know.
-This is your first day.
Because all these
first impressions,
that's all they're
supposed to be.
-I know.
-First impressions.
As the days go on, you're gonna
make more connections.
They're gonna get deeper.
You're going to probably even
change your mind
about some people...
-I know.
-...as you go along.
-As more of a build.
-You're right.
Well, I'm so glad
we got to have this talk.
-Cool.
-Let's head inside.
-Yeah.
-Perfect.
Alright.
So, we all know a big part
of dating is break-ups.
[fake whimpering]
Which is why
at the end of each day
there's going to be
an elimination ceremony
where you run the risk
of getting unmatched
and getting sent home.
-[daters] Ooh.
-[Spicy] Unh huh, unh huh.
Get scared.
My relationship so far
in connection with Lexi,
I think that we've
hit it off very well.
And honestly,
I'm not too worried
about getting eliminated
tonight.
On the screen
in front of you all,
are going to appear
your dating profiles.
If you see a heart,
that means you're safe.
But if you see an X,
that means you are
at risk of going home.
But if you make
that bottom list,
that chopping block list,
we're gonna try to help out
as much as possible
to keep you here.
Don't worry guys, we're not
your coaches for nothin'.
-[daters cheer]
-Thank you.
We got you.
[Lexi] From there,
I will be making my decisions
on who is staying and who,
unfortunately, has to go home.
I know we got a chance to mingle
and talk to each other
one-on-one.
But I know you guys also
got to talk to each other
throughout the day as well.
So, I wanna know what some
of your first impressions are
with each other.
[Lexi] So I have some questions
for you guys.
The first question
I want to ask you all is
who do you think could possibly
be here for the wrong reasons?
Anyone can answer,
anyone can answer.
[male] Ooh.
[Spicy] Come on. She wants
someone that's real.
Let's keep it 100. Come on.
Dish it.
Hey Tyler, it's on you, bro.
Tyler, it's on you.
-Why do y'all want me to answer?
-Come on, Tyler.
-You're bold.
-Alright, bet.
-Brian.
-[Brian] Brian?
-Ooh.
-[Brian] Who's Brian?
-Who's Brian?
-Oh, wait.
-[laughter]
-Where's Brian?
[Brian] Where's Brian?
That's gotta be
your name, right?
-Yeah, that's my name.
-Okay.
He had me thinking
it wasn't his name.
Why do you think that?
I don't know.
I just got the vibe
when I met him, to be honest.
-Mm.
-Ooh.
[Josh]
Man, we in the elimination...
It is crazy. Like, somebody
really gotta go home.
It's the first day
and somebody already going home.
I don't know. I just feel like
his intentions are elsewhere.
[Lexi] Okay. Um...
Sounds like
they're intimidated by him.
-Yeah.
-Brian, watch your back.
They're intimidated by you.
So, I do have
another question, guys.
Um, have you guys observed
any red flags
in your fellow contestants?
Yeah.
Dish it. What is it?
Um...
[Camille] Don't start drama.
Cami!
Don't start drama!
Some of us have just came
in here with, you know, a past.
That's all.
[Camille] Yeah.
That's all I'll say.
-[Lexi] I wanna know more.
-[Spicy] Yeah.
Come on,
you gotta spill the tea.
No. I'm good, guys.
What's going on?
We got some toxic stuff
going on over here.
I want to know what's going on.
-Ooh.
-Crickets.
[Spicy] We're gonna find out.
I bet you
we're going to find out later.
-I think we are.
-The plot thickens.
[Anthony] Remember,
you're here for Lexi.
So, everyone. I think I'm ready
to make some decisions.
So, the first person I want
to talk about is Joshua.
Um, Joshua,
I had a really good time
speaking with you today.
I think our three-minute date
went really well.
We have a lot in common.
-Um, like a lot in common.
-A lot.
Which I thought
was really exciting.
So, you are still a match.
[cheering and applause]
Our conversation
was really good.
She wanted to talk
to your boy some more,
you know what I'm sayin'?
Peep the swag I had.
So, we fixin' to chop it up
some more and see what I can do.
The next person that I want
to talk about is Luis.
So I had a really great time
talking with you tonight.
There were a couple things
I noticed that I didn't like.
I thought it was
just a little awkward
when you kissed me on the hand.
Um, I don't know.
I just thought it was,
like, a weird introduction.
So for those reasons, Luis,
tonight you are going to be
on the chopping block,
unfortunately.
-Dang.
-Dude.
Aw.
My date was not that bad.
I'm pretty sure somebody else
had to screw up more than me.
The next person I want
to talk about is Kalysta.
So, I had a really great time
talking with you
tonight, Kalysta.
I did feel
a little bit concerned
that some of our conversations
were a little bit
on the surface level.
And because of that,
I just really want
to get to know you more
because I thought
we really vibed.
It was hard for me to remember,
like, certain things about you.
Maybe 'cause I was just, like,
staring at your eyes too much.
But, I do want
to get to know you better.
Um, and so for that reason,
I'm going to be
keeping you as a match.
[Kalysta] Thank you.
The next person I would like
to address is Jayme.
Um, Jayme, you were probably
my favorite person
that I talked to tonight.
Sorry to be very candid
with everyone.
Um, I really, really enjoyed
talking to you.
You are a lovely person
and I'm very excited
to get to know you more.
Because of that,
I'm keeping you as a match.
[applause, soft cheers]
And the last person I would like
to talk about tonight
is Cameron.
Cameron, I really loved
talking to you tonight,
but I want to know
more about you
and I thought that
a lot of the conversation,
like, it just, some of
it didn't flow very well.
And, because of that,
tonight you are going to be
on the chopping block,
unfortunately.
[Spicy sighs] Whoo.
You should have chose my team.
[daters mutter softly]
So, can I please have Luis
and Cameron step forward.
I'm going to be talking
to my dating coaches.
They will be helping me
make my final decision tonight.
So, I will be back
in a little bit,
and we will see
who's going home.
[quiet conversation]
Guys, I have a really difficult
decision to make tonight.
-It's what we're here for.
-Yeah.
Let me tell you right now,
it would be a smart decision
to keep Luis. Okay?
He may have came on
a little bit strong
when it came to,
like, touching you.
It was kinda corny.
But I can tell that
there's, like, romance at heart.
He's gonna court you.
He's gonna woo you,
knock you off your feet.
And you wanted someone who was
gonna, like, plan dates for you,
and he totally seems like
someone you were
hitting it off with,
as far as, like, you guys
were speaking Spanish together.
It was, like, really sexy
and romantic.
Like, I can see that there was
some type of connection.
We gotta give it
a little bit more massaging.
Honestly, you know, I saw
a lot of performance from Luis.
-Mm.
-The whole kissing thing,
I don't know.
It was kinda cheesy to me.
I like Cameron a lot.
And I get that he wasn't
that expressive with you,
[Spicy] Or charismatic at all.
His vibe, to me at least,
he was really chill,
he was really relaxed,
and he, to me at least,
it looked like he was
really interested in you.
He wasn't trying to perform,
to do all of this big stuff.
-He wasn't trying at all.
-He wanted to interact with you.
I'm gonna have
to disagree on this.
Like, I feel like
Cameron was extremely bland.
-Yeah.
-He did not, like, step up.
This is the difference
between you and me.
-You want the big performance.
-So does Lexi.
I care about the connection.
[Spicy] Lexi wants
the big performance too.
She wants to know that
you are the apple of her eye.
And he was--
I don't know what
"apple of her eye" means.
[overlapping speech]
I think you guys both make,
like, a lot of good points,
genuinely.
And this is a really difficult
decision for me,
but I do think I know
in my heart what's right.
And I think
I've made the decision.
-Alright.
-Got it.
-When you know, you know.
-[Anthony] Alright.
-Let's go break the news.
-Let's get back over there.
[Lexi] Yeah.
My amazing dating coaches,
they both gave me
some really good advice
and some good insight.
But, unfortunately, I did
have to come to a decision.
And I think I'm going to have to
go on my gut feeling
with this one.
And send home the person
that I felt less
of a connection with.
And because of that...
I'm sorry, Cameron,
but you've been unmatched.
And I'm really sorry.
Please give me a big hug.
You're awesome.
[Camille] You make me so sad.
No.
[Cameron] Alright. Peace out.
-Aw.
-Oh my god.
[girl] This is so sad.
-[girl] So good to meet you.
-[Cameron] Yep.
[Cameron] Alright.
See you guys later.
[all] Bye.
This sucks that I'm going home.
This house is huge.
Lexi's hot. There's food here.
But, see ya.
So I hope you guys all had
a really good time today.
That was emotional,
but I'm really looking forward
to getting to know all of you
throughout this process.
And I hope you have
a great night and sleep well.
I'll see you tomorrow.
See you guys tomorrow.
That was fab.
I think this experience is going
to be once in a lifetime for me.
Not only am I going to learn
a lot about myself,
I potentially will find love.
And I think, just,
it's going to be a lot for me.
I don't know what to expect.
[Lexi] I am really excited
because today we're doing
our first challenge.
[screams] Whoa!
[cheering]
I'm carrying the team.
It's bitches standing behind me.
"Oh, I don't want to get wet."
Get in the ice! Get in the ice!
Luis is acting
so [bleep] fugaze.
The same [bleep]
he's pulling on Lexi,
he did [bleep] to Jasmine.
And he did the same
[bleep] thing to Rylin.
You're a rook. You're learning.
[Luis] That's all bad.
I've heard of love triangles,
but I might be in a bit
of a love diamond.
[Jayme] We were never official.
We never...
She was never my girlfriend.
So she's my friend.
[Sienna] Mm.